Write a generator expression that returns the successive characters of a string `s`.
Here are a couple of example strings:

```py
s = "Hello, world!"
s = "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
s = "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo."
```

What's a built-in function that you could use to achieve a _pretty similar_ effect?
(Hint: take a look at the Python docs at https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions, there's only a finite number of them.)

---

Generators are not subscriptable, which means you cannot index into generators.
Given a generator (expression), what built-in can you use to get the first element out of it?
Use it, together with a generator expression, to find what is the first word with 10 or more characters from the file `data/wordlist.txt`.

---

Use the built-in `any` and a list comprehension to check if any of the prime numbers in the file `data/primes.txt` is an even number.
Rewrite that list comprehension as a generator expression.
Use the function `timeit.timeit` to compare the execution time of the two alternatives.
What do you see, and why?

---

Write a function `gen_count` that accepts two parameters `start` and `step` and returns a generator expression that produces the numbers `start`, `start + step`, `start + 2 * step`, ...
You may want to leverage `itertools.count`.
Your implementation of `gen_count` can use functions you defined previously, in this section.

---

 1. Open the file `data/wordlist.txt` and write a generator expression that trims all the lines.
 2. Write a generator expression that goes over the previous generator expression and trims all strings so that no string has more than 5 characters.
 3. Write a generator expression that goes over the previous generator expression and drops all strings that have less than 5 characters.
 4. Write a generator expression that goes over the previous generator and drops all the 5-character strings that are not palindromes.

What's the first element in that final generator?
And what's the last element in that final generator?
